Update week 0 pre-collection task to prompt for KEPs to be updated (#936)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/enhancements/README.md

| 0 | Pre-Collection | Within the tracking sheet, filter the `data` tab to remove Issues that were completed in a previous release. Copy the `Issue Number` column to the `Enhancements` tab. The tab will auto-populate with a portion of the other relevant data. Once complete, set their `Enhancement Status` to `Pending Inclusion`. This will serve as the initial seed of Enhancements that need to be evaluated for the release. |
| 0 | Pre-Collection | Examine the `Removed From Milestone` tab and visit those issues to see if they have been added to the current milestone. These enhancements likely slipped because of docs or testing. Ping owners to make sure they are targeted for the current milestone. When complete, clear the issues from the tab. |

> | 0 | Pre-Collection | Find Issues from previous milestone that have graduated to Stable. Remove `tracked/yes` or `tracked/no` labels. Check to see if the KEP status has been updated to `implemented`. If it has, close the issue. If it has not, ask the issue contact to please update the KEP. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0 | Pre-Collection | Find Issues from previous milestone that have graduated to Stable. Remove `tracked/yes` or `tracked/no` labels. Check to see if the KEP status has been updated to `implemented`. If it has, close the issue. If it has not, ask the issue contact to both update the KEP status field and close the Enhancement issue once the update PR has merged. |
```
